[ty] Add failing tests for tuple subclasses (#19803)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/ty_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/unpacking.md

    reveal_type(c)  # revealed: int
```

## Tuple subclasses

A tuple subclass inherits its heterogeneous unpacking behaviour from its tuple superclass.

```toml
[environment]
python-version = "3.11"
```

```py
class I0: ...
class I1: ...
class I2: ...
class HeterogeneousTupleSubclass(tuple[I0, I1, I2]): ...

def f(x: HeterogeneousTupleSubclass):
    a, b, c = x

    # TODO: should be `I0`
    reveal_type(a)  # revealed: I0 | I1 | I2
    # TODO: should be `I1`
    reveal_type(b)  # revealed: I0 | I1 | I2
    # TODO: should be `I2`
    reveal_type(c)  # revealed: I0 | I1 | I2

>     # TODO: should emit a diagnostic ([invalid-assignment] "Not enough values to unpack: Expected 4")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # TODO: should emit a diagnostic ([invalid-assignment] "Too many values to unpack: Expected 2")
```
